Update Roadmap for v2 and beyond (#8339)
holoviz/panel: doc/about/roadmap.md

## Developer Experience

### Improved Hot Reload and Development Feedback Loops

We will continue to invest in improving the local development experience, with a particular focus on:

* More reliable and predictable hot reload behavior
* Faster feedback loops when developing apps and extensions
* Clearer separation between server reloads and application state resets

These improvements aim to make iterative development smoother and less error-prone.

### Typing and IDE Support

Building on recent work in improving `param`'s typing support, Panel will:

* Expand and refine type annotations across the codebase
* Improve IDE auto-completion and static analysis
* Provide clearer type contracts for components, layouts, and reactive APIs

The goal is to make Panel applications easier to reason about, refactor, and maintain, especially in larger codebases.

### Better Error Messages and Debuggability

We will improve error handling throughout Panel to:

* Surface clearer, more actionable error messages
* Provide better context when errors occur in callbacks, reactive expressions, or layout construction
* Make it easier to trace errors back to user code rather than internal machinery

> This is particularly important for users building complex, reactive applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These improvements are particularly important for users building complex, reactive applications.
```

### Clear Design and Styling Defaults

Alongside this integration, we will continue refining:

* Theme defaults
* CSS variable usage
* Customization hooks for advanced users

The aim is to make it easy to build applications that look good by default, while remaining fully customizable.

## Core Architecture and Scope

### Reduce Core Scope and Expand the Extension Ecosystem

As Panel has grown, the scope of the core library has expanded to include a wide variety of visualization backends and integrations. While powerful, this breadth increases maintenance burden and complexity for contributors and users alike.

Going forward, Panel will focus on a **leaner core** that provides:

* A stable application framework
* Layout, reactivity, and state management
* First-class integration with Bokeh and core rendering infrastructure

More specialized or domain-specific integrations will increasingly live in **separately versioned extension packages**, allowing them to evolve independently and reduce coupling in the core codebase.

This includes factoring out integrations such as:

> * Vizzu

Reviewer 2: Would that mean we should also add npm packages / CDN upload to some of these? 

This shouldn't be in the roadmap, just curious.

Author: Likely yes, panel-graphic-walker and panel-material-ui already publish to CDN. Though I think the goal would be to transition these to become ESM components simplifying the build complexity and Bokeh compatibility issues.
